 Terms of Use
 Last Updated: 16 August 2018
 The Gist
 We, the website owners, run a website to collect the data on queer female characters on TV. We do this free of charge, offering both the information as a website itself and via WordPress plugins such as LezWatch.TV News , the Amazon Echo skill LezWatch.TV News , and other services that utilize our Rest API .
 By using this website, you agree to our terms of service. You are welcome to use, reuse, and extend the data here for no fees. We make no claims of copyright to the images found here, and believe them to fall under the fair-use clause. We do ask you link back to us, or note us by name, as a thank you in your final works.
 Copy-written content is reproduced under fair use doctrines. If you find content on this site that you feel violates the DMCA or otherwise infringes on trademarks or copyright, please contact us at webmaster@lezwatchtv.com and will will remove the content.
 Terms of Service
 The following terms and conditions govern all use of LezWatch.TV, the content, services, and products including, but not limited to, the database of queer females and related shows on the LezWatch.TV News plugin and any API based services to display data on your own site. Collectively, these are our Services.
 All services are offered subject to your acceptance, without modification, of the terms and conditions listed. By accessing and using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of this agreement. In addition, when using our Services you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such Services, which may be posted and modified over time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS.
 ANY PARTICIPATION IN THIS SITE WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE ABOVE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
 Liability of Information. This site and its services are offered for informational purposes only; this site shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the site, and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information.
 Ownership of Subject Matter. This site makes no claim on the ownership of its subject matter. We do not represent anyone from the TV shows and characters listed herein. We do not own their likeness and make no claims on their intellectual property.
 DMCA and Copyright Infringement. By law you are required to inform us, and allow time for a reasonable response, before filing legal action regarding any claims to content found within this site. You can do this by emailing us at webmaster@lezwatchtv.com – we will remove the offending material within 30 business days. Note that per US law, by removing questioned data we are protected from further legal action in most situations.
 Advertisements and Compensation. This site makes use affiliate links to promote products used, such as our webhost, our theme, and our plugins. In addition this website may use affiliate links to products directly related to content, such as purchasing video or DVDs of shows documented herein.
 Responsibility of Contributors. You are responsible for your own comments and any content you provide of your own free will on this website.
 Web Traffic. This site uses third party services to measure audience and usage.
 Data and Privacy. We keep only the information you provide via your browser or directive when visiting this site including, but not limited to, your browser, operating system, and IP address. Should you leave a comment or send a message, any additional information you provide will be stored. We will not reveal this information unless required to do so by law. For more information, read our Privacy Policy .
