Caching
All output is cached by our HTTP load balancers for 60 minutes, so when information is updated on the site, please
allow up to 1 hour for the changes to propagate to the API.
Rate limiting
API calls are rate limited to allow at least 20 calls every 10 seconds per IP address. If you exceed
this rate, you might receive an HTTP 429 error. We say at least , because rate limiting takes place on the
backend but not on the edge cache. So if your client is only requesting common/popular endpoints like shows 
or episodes (as opposed to more unique endpoints like searches or embedding), you're likely to never hit
the limit. For an optimal throughput, simply let your client back off for a few seconds when it receives a 429.
Under special circumstances we may temporarily have to impose a stricter rate limit. So even if your client
wouldn't normally exceed our rate limit, it's useful to gracefully handle HTTP 429 responses: simply retry
the request after a small pause instead of treating it as a permanent failure.
Additionally, you should ensure that HTTP connections are not unnecessarily left open. Either explicitly close
the HTTP connection after every request, re-use connections for subsequent requests, or make use of HTTP2 multiplexing.
Leaving more than 1 connection to our servers idle may result in your IP getting blocked.
While not required, we strongly recommend setting your client's HTTP User Agent to something that'll uniquely
describe it. This allows us to identify your application in case of problems, or to proactively reach out
to you.
CORS
All endpoints are CORS (Cross-origin resource sharing)
enabled, which means our API can be used directly in web applications without having to resort to JSONP or HTTP proxying.
Licensing
Use of the TVmaze API is licensed by CC BY-SA . This means
the data can freely be used for any purpose, as long as TVmaze is properly credited as source and your usage
complies with the ShareAlike provision. You can satisfy the attribution requirement by linking
back to TVmaze from within your application or website, for example using the URLs available in the API.
Enterprise API
